Language reworked (#90)
genonbeta/TrebleShot: README.md

## Main features
* Pause, resume and reconnect transfers
* Share large files
* Share all kinds of content, video, photo, music and app libraries
* No Internet connection is required: Set up a hotspot and connect to it using a QR code
* Share between multiple devices at the same time
* Exchange texts of any kind and save them to TrebleShot
* Share folders for backup and other purposes
* Light UI: Works faster than its rivals on low-end devices
* Speed-oriented: Minimal UI optimized for speed
* Advanced features: Network change handling, choose network based on measured speed

## Project status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/genonbeta/TrebleShot.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/genonbeta/TrebleShot)
[![Translation Status](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/trebleshot/-/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/TrebleShot/)

## Donate
If you value this work, you can help it along. Only a few methods of monetary contribution work in Turkey,

> you can use Bitcoin or install the Google Play version to do so (In App Billing method) (taxes will apply).

Author: What does " to do so (In App Billing method)" mean?

Reviewer: It states that they can donate via Google Pay on their Android devices.

> you can use Bitcoin or install the Google Play version to do so (In App Billing method) (taxes will apply).

Author: ```suggestion
you can use Bitcoin or install the Google Play version (using App Billing) to do so (taxes will apply).
```

Reviewer: I can't seem to be able to commit.
